alright what is going on bros insomnia
from the mexican gamers channel wow it
had been a while since i said that intro
i just noticed that but anyways man here
we have the 2014 fifa world cup brazil
demo for you guys i'm playing as a
mexican national team as mexico vs
brazil and i think I bit a little bit
more than what I could chew by putting
it in world-class difficulty mean I had
never played the demo is the first time
what you're watching right now was my
first experience ever you know playing
this demo so I should have probably put
it on a legendary no I'm professional
difficulty but I decided to go with
world class III thought i was i was like
beasts for a second i said world class
it is hopefully we don't get i mean you
get you'll see hopefully we don't get
beat down but this is gonna be like a
compilation of two games so i've only
played really two games in in the demo
I'm gonna talk to you guys about you
know my experiences with it my opinions
on the demo am I gonna am I gonna get
the full game when it comes out in April
fifteenth here in the United States it
comes out in April seventeenth I believe
in the UK and the rest of Europe so yeah
it does come on into 17 so you guys I'm
gonna let you guys know my opinions on
the game if I if I recommend buying it
because it's gonna be sixty dollars for
the full game or 65 here in the US with
tax and everything I really really like
the atmosphere man right off the bat
you're watching brazil how they hug each
other during the national anthem that's
very very cool because they actually do
that i remember in the Confederations
Cup but i see all the players hug each
other they're singing it loudly they're
screaming their national anthem they
look they look so proud and it's
terrifying because you know the other
they're so fired up there so motivated
there about them they're about to beat
your ass so anyways mine here you see
the lineup and you can go back and pause
it cuz that right there is the lineup
that if the world's club started
tomorrow that's the lineup that I would
want make well use if I was Makos
manager and the world cup started
tomorrow that's the lineup that I would
use so if you if you're interested go
back pause it and you can look at the
lineup but anyways man here in the
6-minute of action we're almost the
seventh joanne yo Santos breaks away he
takes the shot with his left foot and
look at that we have just scored and I
swear this was my first time ever
playing the demo so I said hey hey I'm a
basement
it's where it's a world-class difficulty
this is gonna be a piece of cake look at
me Loretta skinny me a letter I come
home and a there were a little bit too
generous with with the Mexican national
team manager he's not that skinny but I
guess they were they didn't want to be
to me but like that nice finish from
giovanni dos santos and here i was
thinking you know this is gonna be a
piece of cake this is gonna be a piece
of cake ism in the first nope attacking
play i actually scored a goal so Greg go
for Gio dos Santos right there so he's
one of the starters if the world cup
started tomorrow if I was the manager
he'd start from my team as one of the
strikers alongside oribe peralta but
anyways my let me tell you guys as I
screw up right here you can see Oh Scott
and punish me right there he scores only
four minutes later so I'm the joy of
scoring very early then last me really
long but anyways man I I mean it kind of
sucks having to go back to the ps3 this
this demo or this game is only gonna be
available for the current-gen consoles
that is for the xbox 360 and for the ps3
it's not available for the xbox one or
the PlayStation 4 which is a bummer
because I don't play I don't really use
my ps3 anymore i only get you know i
only use my ps3 it's a you know get a
couple of clips to record a couple clips
for the dream begins and another game
but for fifa i only play on the
playstation 4 and it you know it's
different i wasn't used to the
controller anymore you know it is a I
know it's similar the controller from
the ps3 to the ps4 but it feels
differently you know and and the
gameplay as well you know the graphics
obviously aren't as good because it's in
the current-gen consoles and why is it
only in the current-gen consoles you may
as well according to matt pryor the
producer for this world cup game they
wanted to reach the biggest audience
possible the biggest market possible and
that market still is the current gen
market the market for the xbox 360 and
the ps3 with time that will change you
know more people would acquire the ps4
is the xbox one's but for now most users
are still on the ps3 and the xbox 360 so
they they wanted to cash in on that they
wanted your most people to play it
because most people to have their ps4
probably still owned their ps3 most
people that have the xbox one probably
still have it
Spock's 360 so it makes sense I guess it
makes sense right here named are
completely destroyed my beef and
horrible horrible defending them but
anyways I guess it would have been a lot
better and I would feel a lot better
about spending $65 on this game if it
was on the next gen with with the new
graphics and stuff like that but at the
end of the day I'm gonna be honest with
your party still end up buying this game
and you know I'm eighty eight percent
sure that I will end up buying this game
what i recommend you buying this game i
say if you're a hardcore fifa fan of the
series then you'll probably end up
getting it as well but if you're just a
casual fifa player if you don't play it
every single day or anything like that
then i'd say save your hard-earned money
man because this feels like it just be
an expansion pack or a a DLC it feels
like I don't know I mean look at the
cutscenes right now that those are the
same cut scenes that are in the current
gen fifa game and you know sure there's
new game modes ins and stuff like that
in the game but i just don't feel like
it's worth sixty five dollars or sixty
dollars wherever you're from maybe in
europe it's even more expensive so hey
that's just my opinion hi I like the
game the demo was fun but at the end of
the day it's the same old fee for that
that we all know and love so thank you
guys for watching let me know if you're
gonna be picking up the game what are
your conclusions what are you what is
your opinion about the demo thank you
guys for watching likes appreciate it
and I'll see you guys on the next one
peace out bros and as always take care